
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# rchitex

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![Travis build
status](https://travis-ci.org/bdempe18/rchitex.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bdempe18/rchitex)
[![AppVeyor build
status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/bdempe18/rchitex?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/bdempe18/rchitex)
<!-- badges: end -->

Rchitex provides allows users to generate elegantly formatted text
tables for summary statistics and regression models while simultaneously
writing the equivalent LaTeX code for individual tables or full
appendices to a local file. Rchitex is likewise capable of producing
Latex and HTML tables for markdown files. Rchitex is intended to bridge
the agp between statistical exploration in R and article writing.

## Installation

You will be able to install the released version of rchitex from
[CRAN](https://CRAN.R-project.org) with:

``` r
install.packages("rchitex")
```

And the development version from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("bdempe18/rchitex")
```

Until development exceeds the experimental phase, rchitex will only be
available on github.

## Overview

Rchitexâ€™s central goal is to ease the gap between statistical
exploration and the writing process. Rchitex accomplishes this goal by
providing tools that simplify the construction of appendixes and
publication-ready tables. Dataframes and models are readily converted to
LateX, html, and text output with a large number of available
customizations. These table outputs can be stored as objects and
deployed whenever so desired. Groupings of outputs (tables and Ggplot
graphics) can then converted into into a LaTeX appendix without
extraneous time spent formatting.

Rchitex also includes a hodgepodge of extra features, most notably a
Robust Standard Error wrapper than simplifies standard error
transformations.

## Supported models

Rchitex currently supports a growing number of model types. Currently,
the list includes - Linear and binominal regression (`lm` and `glm` in
the stats package) - Panel regression (contained in the `plm` package) -
Instrumental variables and Tobit regression (within the `AER` package)
Supported models are every-growing. Please feel free to request new
models by making a pull request.

## Future development

The development branch of rchitex is currently working on providing
statistical analysis of bibliographies. This help prevent authors from
missing key pieces of literatures and help focus research.
